CSM-6799: TF AWS ORG: Support CloudTrail S3 Bucket on child-account (#15)
uptycslabs/terraform-aws-org-integration: README.md

  # Name of the S3 bucket in the master account that contains the VPC flow logs
  vpc_flowlogs_bucket_name = ""

>   # AccountId of an account in the organization where you store cloudtrail data

Reviewer: Move this to Line 71 close to the Bucket Name input.

>   # AccountId of an account in the organization where you store cloudtrail data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # AccountId of S3 bucket specified by `cloudtrail_s3_bucket_name`
```

>   # Specify whether the cloudtrail_s3_bucket_name/kinesis_stream_name/vpc_flowlogs_bucket_name are in master account or not

Reviewer: Please move this up.. close to the bucket input.
Is possible, can you rename to some thing line `cloudtrail_s3_bucket_in_master`? so it matches with bucket name parameter? This allows the customer to infer the tight relationship.

| --------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | --------------------- | ---------- |
| integration_name          | Prefix to be used for naming new resources                          | `string` | `UptycsIntegration` |          |
| upt_account_id            | Uptycs AWS account ID                                               | `string` | `""`                | Yes      |
| aws_account_id            | AWS organization's master account ID                                | `string` | `""`                | Yes      |
| external_id               | External ID                                                         | `uuid4`  | `""`                | Yes      |
| vpc_flowlogs_bucket_name  | Name of the S3 bucket in master for VPC flow logs                   | `string` | `""`                | Optional |
| cloudtrail_s3_bucket_name | Name of the organization cloud trail S3 bucket                      | `string` | `""`                | Optional |
| kinesis_stream_name       | Name of the organization Kinesis stream                             | `string` | `""`                | Optional |

> | cloudtrail_account_id     | AccountId of an account in organization which have cloudtrail setup | `string` |                     | Yes      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| cloudtrail_account_id     | AccountId of S3 bucket specified in `cloudtrail_s3_bucket_name` | `string` |                     | Conditional      |
```

^ Change to Conditional and match the deescription.
Move this 1 line above

> | cloudtrail_in_master     | Specifies whether the cloudtrail set up is in master account or not | `bool` |     `true`                | Yes      |

Reviewer 2: formatting looks off

Reviewer: Spaces don't matter @djuneja-uptycs

> | cloudtrail_in_master     | Specifies whether the cloudtrail set up is in master account or not | `bool` |     `true`                | Yes      |

Reviewer: @llukalapu-uptycs It cannot be "required" it we are suggesting a default value (like integration-name)
